doc: wifi: Rework Wi-Fi Features page (#13827)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/features.rst

The nRF70 Series of wireless companion ICs add Wi-Fi® capabilities to another System-on-Chip (SoC), Microprocessor Unit (MPU), or Microcontroller (MCU) host device.
It implements the Physical (PHY) and Medium Access Control (MAC) layers of the IEEE 802.11 protocol stack, while the higher layers of the networking stack run on the host device.
The nRF70 Series wireless companion IC includes the RF front end and power management function.

The nRF70 Series devices are designed for Internet of Things (IoT) applications and are ideal for adding modern Wi-Fi 6 capabilities to existing Bluetooth® Low Energy, Thread, or Zigbee systems, as well as adding Wi-Fi Access Point scanning capabilities to LTE/GPS systems.

For additional information, see the following documentation:

* `nRF70 Series`_ for the technical documentation on the nRF70 Series devices.

> * :ref:`nrf7002dk_nrf5340`.

Author: I considered including this, but since it is already discussed in the subsequent section "Wi-Fi shields," I avoided it to prevent repetition.

* `nRF70 Series`_ for the technical documentation on the nRF70 Series devices.
* :ref:`nrf7002dk_nrf5340`.
* :ref:`ug_nrf70_developing` documentation for more advanced topics related to the nRF70 Series.
* :ref:`installation` and :ref:`configuration_and_build` documentation to install the |NCS| and learn more about its development environment.
* :ref:`nrf7002dk_nrf5340`

> The following figure illustrates the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the nRF70 series device and the host device:

Author: The protocol stack figure https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/protocols/wifi/wifi.html#wi-fi-protocol-stack, is there in "Wi-Fi overview", which is similar to the deleted one except for the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the nRF70 series device and the host device, hence deleted.

Let me know if we intend to keep both.

> The following figure illustrates the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the nRF70 series device and the host device:

Reviewer: Thanks for pointing out the difference to me @richabp. My thinking:
- the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the host and the companion chip is specific to the nRF70 Series, and I think we should keep it (the figure and the corresponding text) in this Chapter. It really helps because we do not explain stack partitioning anywhere else. We can explain it here, and refer to it from other parts of the documentation.
- for the above reason, this part should be made into a specific sub-section. An example of title would be "Networking stack architecture and partitioning"
- we seem to have two options, for hosting this subsections: keep it in "Features" or move it into the last part: "Developing with nRF70 Series". I favor the second option but OK with both.

> The following figure illustrates the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the nRF70 series device and the host device:

Author: Based on offline discussion with @ioannisg added a new page "Networking stack partitioning" in the "developing with.." guide.

Let me know if there is something else that needs to be added on this page.

> The following figure illustrates the partitioning of the Wi-Fi stack between the nRF70 series device and the host device:

Reviewer: Looks good to me.

> The nRF70 Series wireless IC serves as a companion IC and is not designed to function as a standalone platform for developing applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series devices are Wi-Fi companion ICs and do not serve as standalone platforms for developing applications. Wi-Fi applications may be developed on nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series SoCs that support the nRF70 Series companion ICs.
```

     - ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF5340 Product Specification_>`_
       | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf5340_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF5340 DK User Guide_>`_
   * - :ref:`zephyr:nrf52840dk_nrf52840`
     - nRF7002 EK
     - PCA10056
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF52840 Product Specification_>`_
       | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf52_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF52840 DK User Guide_>`_
   * - :ref:`zephyr:nrf9160dk_nrf9160`
     - nRF7002 EK
     - PCA10090
     - ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF9160 Product Specification_>`_
       | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf9160_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF9160 DK Hardware_>`_
   * - :ref:`zephyr:nrf9161dk_nrf9161`
     - nRF7002 EK
     - PCA10153
     - ``nrf9161dk_nrf9161_ns``
     - | `Product Specification <nRF9161 Product Specification_>`_
       | `User Guide <nRF9161 DK Hardware_>`_
   * - :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`
     - nRF7002 EB
     - PCA20053
     - ``thingy53_nrf5340_cpuapp``
     - | :ref:`Getting started <ug_thingy53_gs>`
       | `User Guide <Nordic Thingy:53 Hardware_>`_

Wi-Fi shields
==============

> The following Wi-Fi shields are available and defined in the :file:`nrf/boards/shields` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following nRF70 Series shields are available and defined in the :file:`nrf/boards/shields` folder.
```

although, not strong opinion on this.

   * - nRF7002 EK with emulated support for the nRF7001 IC
     - PCA63556
     - ``nrf7002ek_nrf7001``
     - | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf7002ek_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF7002 EK User Guide_>`_
   * - nRF7002 EK with emulated support for the nRF7000 IC
     - PCA63556
     - ``nrf7002ek_nrf7000``
     - | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf7002ek_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF7002 EK User Guide_>`_
   * - nRF7002 :term:`Expansion Board (EB)`
     - PCA63561
     - ``nrf7002eb``
     - | :ref:`Getting started <ug_nrf7002eb_gs>`
       | `User Guide <nRF7002 EB User Guide_>`_

Supported protocols
*******************

The nRF70 Series devices support the Wi-Fi protocol.
Wi-Fi is a half-duplex packet-based protocol operating on a fixed channel, using CSMA/CA for channel access.

See the :ref:`ug_wifi` documentation for information related to the Wi-Fi protocol.

Supported Wi-Fi standards and modes
===================================

The nRF70 Series wireless companion ICs add Wi-Fi 6 support to a host device that includes IP-based networking support.
Wi-Fi 6 aligns with IEEE 802.11ax and all earlier versions of the IEEE 802.11 suite of wireless LAN standards.

> Currently, :ref:`Station (STA) <wifi_station_sample>`, :ref:`Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP) <nRF70_soft_ap_mode>`, :ref:`Scan-only <ug_nrf70_developing_scan_operation>` and :ref:`TX injection <ug_nrf70_developing_raw_ieee_80211_packet_transmission>` modes are supported.

Reviewer: Is there a reason to call this Scan-only ? Don't like it so much. How about "Wi-Fi Scan", or "SSID Scan", or simply "Scan"?

Also, how about using "Raw packet TX"?

Reviewer: @bama-nordic @sachinthegreen ^^

Author: Changed to Scan mode.

TX injection mode is mentioned here in this document, https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/protocols/wifi/raw_tx_operation.html#tx-injection-mode.

Let me know if we decide to change, then I think it needs to be updated here as well.

Reviewer: Yes, I think the TX Injection mode is sort of an "internal" technical naming, which is OK to have, but a more top-level, user-friendly name for this Wi-Fi mode is Raw 8021.11 packet Transmission, as the title of that section suggests.

Reviewer: I don't believe you need to change anything in the RAW TX packet chapter

Author: Ok.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should list `Scan` and `Tx injection` (or `Raw 802.11 packet transmission`) should be listed as `modes`. These should probably be listed as `functionalities`.

We are currently treating only the following as `Wi-Fi modes`:

- Station (STA)
- Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP)
- Monitor

Reviewer 3: `scan-only` is a mode in the `nRF700x` driver: See https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/drivers/wifi/nrf700x/Kconfig#L32

Reviewer 2: How about the following:

Currently the nRF70 supports the following modes:

- Station (STA) : Operates as a wireless client device.
- Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP) : Operates as a virtual access point device.
- Scan : Operates as a scan only device.
<Monitor mode can appear here once it is available>

The nRF70 also supports the following functionalities:

- Raw 802.11 packet transmission : Allows injection of raw 802.11 frames in any of the above modes.
<Promiscuous reception can appear here when it is available>

Reviewer 2: The `Radio test` above can be linked to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-13827/nrf/samples/wifi/radio_test/README.html

Reviewer: This is fine with me, thanks :)
